#############################################################
Readme file for HW7 (non-linear)
Nathaniel Raley

The following submission contains three source code files written in C 
and a single makefile which compiles each program. To build the 
executables, simply type 'make' or 'make all'. To just build the secant 
method executable, which calculates the square root of 31, type 'make 
secant'. To just build the newton's method executable, which calculates 
the square root of 31, type 'make newton1'. To calculate the newton's 
method executable which calculates the root of x/(1+x*x),type 'make 
newton2'. The executables that are generated will be named 
'secant','newton1', and 'newton2' respectively. 

Each program takes command line input parameters; the secant program 
should be run with the following options: (1) first guess, (2) second 
guess, (3) threshold for stopping, (4) and the maximum number of 
iterations to run, particularly important if convergence is not 
possible. For example, run it like ./secant 0 1 .001 20

For newton1 and newton2, since derivatives at a single point 
are used at each step, only a single initial guess is required. For 
these two programs, there are only 3 command line arguments: (1) first 
guess, (2) stopping threshold, and (3) maximum number of interations. 
You should run these like ./newton1 .5 .001 20

Be careful when you run newton2. A graph of this function illustrates 
that, if x is less than -.5, the derivative of the function is always 
negative; as x goes from -.5 to -inf, y goes to 0 from the negative 
side. Thus, a line with a slope equal to the derivative of the function 
x/(1+x^2) will cross the x-axis at ever-decreasing values of x, and will 
therefore never converge. It does not happen at the inflection point; it 
happens at +/- 0.5 because the slope of the line tangent at that point 
intersects the x-axis on the other side of the y-axis beyond x= -/+ 0.5; 
thus, this continues to diverge; the slope of the tangent line becomes 
smaller and smaller, pushing the x-intercepts further and further away 
from zero in either the positive or negative direction. To make a long 
story short, newton2 will fail to converge for initial values larger 
than 0.5 in magnitude, which results in slopes greater in magnitude than 
0.48 (.75/(1.25^2)). 

If there are any questions about these programs, please contact the 
creator, Nathaniel Raley, at nathaniel.raley@utexas.edu. Thank you.
